so Joe had the son of Zechariah
perceived that the king's heart was
concerned about Absalom and Joab sent to
Toccoa and brought from there a wise
woman please pretend to be a mourner and
and put on mourning apparel
do not anoint yourself with oil but act
like a woman who has been mourning a
long time for the dead go to the king
and speak to him in this manner so Jonah
put the words in her mouth and when the
woman of Toccoa spoke to the king she
fell on her face to the ground and
frustrated herself okay what troubles
you indeed I have a widow my husband is
dead now your maidservant had two sons
and the two fought with each other in
the field and there was no one to part
them but the one struck the other and
killed him and now the whole family has
risen up against your maidservant and
they said deliver him who struck his
brother that we may execute him for the
life of his brother whom he killed and
we will destroy the heir also so they
would extinguish my anger that is left
and leave to my husband neither name nor
remnant on the earth go to your house
and I will give orders concerning you my
lord o king let be iniquity beyond me
and on my father's house and the king
and his throne be guiltless whoever says
anything to you and bring him to me and
he shall not touch you anymore please
let the King remember the Lord your God
and do not permit the Avenger of blood
to destroy anymore lest they destroy my
son as the Lord lives not one hair of
your son shall fall to the ground please
let your maidservant speak another word
to my lord the king say on why then have
you schemed such a thing against the
people of God where the King speaks this
thing as one who was guilty in that the
King does not bring his banished one
home again for we will surely die and
become like water spilled on the ground
which cannot be gathered up again yet
God does not take away a life but he
devises means so that his banished ones
are not expelled from him now therefore
I have come to speak of this thing to my
lord the King because the people have
made me afraid and your maidservant said
I will now speak to the king it may be
that the King will perform the request
of his maidservant for the king will
hear and deliver his maidservant from
the hand of the man who would destroy me
and my son together from the inheritance
of God your maidservant said the word of
my lord the king will now be comforting
for as the angel of God so is my lord
the king and discerning good and evil
and may the Lord your God be with you
please do not hide from me anything that
I ask you please let my lord the King
speak
is the hand of Joab with you in all this
as you live my lord the King no one can
turn to the right hand or to the left
from anything that my lord the King has
spoken for your servant Joab commanded
me and he put all these words in the
mouth of your maidservant to bring about
this change of affairs your servant Joab
has done this thing but my Lord is wise
according to the wisdom of the angel of
God to know everything that is in the
earth and the King said to Joab all
right I have granted this thing go
therefore bring back the young man
Absalom then Joab fell to the ground on
his face and bowed himself and thanked
the king today
your servant knows that I have found
favor in your sight my lord o king in
that the king has fulfilled a request of
his servant so Joab arose who went to
GISA and brought Absalom to Jerusalem
and the King said let him return to his
own house but do not let him see my face
so Absalom returned to his own house but
did not see the Kings face now in all
Israel there was no one who was praised
as much as Absalom for his good looks
from the sole of his foot to the crown
of his head
there was no blemish in him and when he
cut the hair of his head
at the end of every year he cut it
because it was heavy on him when he cut
it he weighed the hair of his head at
200 shekels according to the king's
standard to Absalom were born three sons
and one daughter whose name was tamer
she was a woman of beautiful appearance
and Absalom dwelt two full years in
Jerusalem but did not see the king's
face therefore Absalom sent for Joanna
to send him to the king but he would not
come to him and when he sent again the
second time he would not come so he said
to his servants see Joe ABB's field is
near mine and he has barley there go and
set it on fire
and ask them 7 set the field on fire
then Joab arose and came to Absalom's
house why have your servants set in my
field on fire
look I sent to you saying come here so
that I may send you to the king to say
why have I come from Asia it would be
better for me to be there still now
therefore let me see the Kings face but
if there is iniquity in me let him
execute me
so Joab went to the king and told him
and when he had called for Absalom he
came to the king and bowed himself on
his face to the ground before the king
then the king kissed
Absalom
you